We start.
Every story has a protagonist.
Do you know what
happens in most
cases?
They think the protagonist
is them.
All communications,
in all communications,
are then placed in the
center.
If we go to the websites of many
companies, they talk about them.
The good things they have done, the good things they have done, the good things they have done,
the good things they have done, the good things they have done, the good things they have
done, the good things they have done, the good things they have done, the good things they have done.
You know that customers are
not interested in your story.
Customers are mostly interested
in theirs.
They are basically interested in
how you can help them.
First, the customer must
be the protagonist of
your brand's history,
not you.
The next thing we will
do is identify your customer's
wishes.
What do your customers want in
your brand?
We need to do a very simple
analysis.
I recommend you identify a wish.
And I also tell you that the wishes,
what we want people to have,
are very basic and very primitive
wishes.
There is always a basic desire
behind what you are offering.
It will be to have more time, have
more freedom, connect with other
people, feel more fulfilled, gain
status, save money, accumulate
wealth, and so on.
Why is it so valuable that the
first thing you do is identify
what your customers really
want?
Don't get lost in how, don't get
lost in your product.
What do your customers want from you?
Because if you identify that and
incorporate it, for example, into
the main copies on the website, you
incorporate it at the beginning of
your story, what you get is to generate
interest.
I share with you the Frank Kern
website that sells training
courses for around $4,000,
etc., and knows what their
customers really want is
to get rich.
That is what they are looking for.
So what he sells is that, the
most consistent way to generate
wealth.
The point.
He has identified what he wants
and told you from the beginning.
What do you get with that?
If you are a target audience, you will
be able to get involved.
Be ready to go with history.
And I put this other example
on screen and it's in your dream
house.
As you can see, they are not talking about how.
The first thing they say is, do they
know what you want?
It's to find the house of your dreams
and have identified your client's
desire and start the story with that.
This opens up the tension.
So what do we always
have to ask?
What we need to do
is do the analysis.
What do my customers want
from my brand?
Let's go to the next section
and that's the problem.
We know that the protagonist is your
customer and the customers have a problem.
This is absolutely basic.
A story without problems has no hook.
And it's also that the story at
the bottom of what goes to history
is to solve the problems your
customers have.
So if we do the problem
properly, the story was
much better.
We will fool the customer.
Here we give Story Brand gives us a recommendation
and is to incorporate the figure
of the villain.
The villain is the cause of the problem.
The villain can be a person or
it can be a fact.
Maybe it is hard to understand.
The villain can be competition,
for example.
The villain, imagine that you
sell healthy products, can be sugar.
The villain can be, if you sell
financial products, it can be the
crisis.
I do not know.
But it helps a lot.
Why is it?
Because it helps to generate copies,
because it helps to contextualize,
it helps the reader, say, to
make the story more credible,
to get more.
Because there is someone you personalize
as the evil one, the cause
of the problem.
Now, let's go to identifying the
problems.
Identification of problems is
absolutely vital in strategy,
in marketing.
Why is it?
Because the story goes that you
solved your customers' problems.
If you haven't been able to
identify the problem, you're going to
do it very badly.
So here the question is, have
we identified well what are
the problems of our customers?
The protagonist of the story
is your client.
We have identified what problems
your customers have.
And now what we have to do
is position ourselves within
that story as a guide,
as a help.
Always on, if you look at almost
every story in the movies,
someone appears to help
solve the protagonist's
problems.
This must be your brand.
Well, because to get this you
have to work on two levers
to be credible.
You have to be empathic or
you have to be empathic.
You have to prove that you know
your customers' problems.
So, if we did the previous exercise
well, it's much easier
to do it.
You don't have to have your
customer's problems.
Let us not be mistaken about that.
What you need to do is understand them.
The second step is to create that
authority.
You have to position yourself
as a figure that can help your
client solve that problem.
It's like when you meet someone.
When you meet someone else,
you are doing that analysis.
Do I like this person?
Do I give this person credibility?
In the case of companies, it
is the same.
Your clients, your potential
customers will diagnose this.
How can you generate authority?
Well, since companies are constantly
looking for the generation
of that authority, positioning
themselves as experts in their
area, showing other projects
they have done.
For example, by putting on the website
the media that have spoken of that
company.
Another example is using
customer testimonials to
give trust, etc.
All of this is tactics to generate
that authority.
Therefore, what we have to do
here is to identify and write
in the model what we are going
to do to generate empathy
and to generate authority.
At this point, this point where
we have identified the protagonist
has a problem.
We have already positioned ourselves
as someone who can solve this
problem.
We're in a good place, but I tell
you that if we stay here, the
customer won't buy.
The customer usually has
a lot of doubts.
That is why we need to have a plan.
Per this is a little more complicated
to understand, but it helps a lot
in the history of the company,
on the website, in all communications,
telling the customer what
the next steps you
have to take to buy you or
to use your product, etc.,
generates a lot of
confidence.
Look at this image.
If we stay here, the customer is
in that point.
You may be interested in getting to the
other side, but you have thousands of
doubts.
We all have thousands of questions
when we know about our products.
And those doubts what they do is that
you don't buy.
You have to move forward
and you have to build that
bridge.
You have to help him visualize
what steps he has to take
to that benefit, to solve
that problem.
And share on screen the Afeiter's
website, which is a company
of our friends, which is
a subscription of
shave knives.
You pay a monthly fee and
get knives every month or with
the biodicity you determine.
I am a client and it works fantastic.
Fix on the website directly
what they do is that they
explain to you very simply,
in three simple steps, what
is next you have to do.
Why is it?
The idea sounds very interesting,
but you can immediately
get in doubt.
How does this work?
I share the case of Wix, which
is sure to be a company you
know because it publishes a lot.
It helps you create websites
in a very simple way.
The idea is very powerful, but it
raises a lot of doubts.
You are able to visualize the
benefit, but it is more difficult
to imagine how the way will be.
And they, fix them, put it
directly, that's the head of
the landing.
The first thing they put in are
the steps, because they are aware that
their client is on the other side of
the abyss and can't imagine what
steps he has to take.
So the question, the diagnosis
we have to make here is,
have we set up a very simple
plan to understand to explain
to customers what is what
they have to do to do
business with us?
We have to make a diagnosis
and we have to explain it.
Next is the call to action.
In every story there comes a
person who will help you, who
are us, but we have to ask the
customer to make the decision.
He will not do it alone.
I guarantee you that he will not do it alone.
And here the advice is that,
the main advice is not to be afraid.
If you believe in your product,
your product is meant to improve
the lives of customers.
So do not be afraid.
There are very few companies
that exceed call to action.
Usually, the companies, in general,
what they do is be afraid
and not say it enough.
Don't get tired of asking your customer
to buy because you believe in your
product and want it to do it and it's
the best for the customer.